README.md, before:

# PhyloPlots: to plot phylogenetic trees and networks

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloPlots.jl/stable)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloPlots.jl/dev)
[![Build status](https://github.com/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor's%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)
[![PkgEval](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/P/PhyloPlots.svg)](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/report.html)

## overview

PhyloPlots has utilities to plot tree and network objects
from [PhyloNetworks](https://github.com/juliaphylo/PhyloNetworks.jl)
through [R](https://www.r-project.org)
via [RCall](https://github.com/JuliaInterop/RCall.jl).

## examples

in PhyloPlots' documentation [manual](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloPlots.jl/stable/man/getting_started/), and  
in [PhyloNetworks](http://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloNetworks.jl/latest/)'s documentation, see
- basic examples
  [here](http://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloNetworks.jl/latest/man/snaq_plot/#Network-Visualization-1)
- examples to annotate edges
  [here](http://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloNetworks.jl/latest/man/bootstrap/#support-for-tree-edges)

Commit message:

v2.0.0: compatibility with PhyloNetworks v0.17; output named tuple (breaking, #21 fix) (#26)
other breaking changes:

* removed plot method for models of two binary (correlated) traits
* the old method deprecation was removed

---------

Co-authored-by: Paul Bastide

README.md, after:

# PhyloPlots: to plot phylogenetic trees and networks

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloPlots.jl/stable)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloPlots.jl/dev)
[![Build status](https://github.com/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/juliaphylo/PhyloPlots.jl)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor's%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)
[![PkgEval](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/P/PhyloPlots.svg)](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/report.html)

## overview

PhyloPlots has utilities to plot tree and network objects
from [PhyloNetworks](https://github.com/juliaphylo/PhyloNetworks.jl)
through [R](https://www.r-project.org)
via [RCall](https://github.com/JuliaInterop/RCall.jl).

## examples

- in PhyloPlots' documentation [manual](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloPlots.jl/stable/man/getting_started/)
- in [PhyloNetworks](http://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloNetworks.jl/latest/)'s documentation, see
  * basic examples
    [here](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloNetworks.jl/dev/man/net_plot/#Network-Visualization)
  * examples to annotate edges
    [here](https://juliaphylo.github.io/PhyloNetworks.jl/dev/man/network_support/#support-for-tree-edges)
- visualization with data in this
  [tutorial](https://cecileane.github.io/networkPCM-workshop/topic6-visualization.html)
